---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Test Job
date: 2018-10-20T20:59:33.062Z
description: Desciption
tags:
  - coffee
---
CH&Co its brand divisions are one of the most respected and vibrant, cutting edge companies within the food service sector today. We have a reputation for good food, unrivalled service and a passion for making each and every eating experience a memorable one



We are looking for an efficient, motivated and committed Front of House Team member Barista Part time or Full time to join our vibrant and passionate company at Salford Royal Hospital.



We have something for everyone, perhaps you are a student looking for work or looking for a career in hospitality long term.



As a Front of House Team Member working in service, you will interact directly with our guests and ensure you provide them a wonderful dining experience.



You will take orders and ensure that the tables are clean and ready to serve new guests and you will serve our & coffee and delicious, fresh, home-made food whilst having fun yourself!



What are we looking for?



Are you passionate about Hospitality and providing great customer service?

Do you love working as part of a fun and friendly team?

Do you have a vibrant, bubbly personality and love interacting with other people?

Why you should join Ch & Co @ Salford Royal Hospital?



Fresh, homemade, quality food served every day

Excellent Training to get you settled into the Ch &Co way

Cross Training and Development courses

clear career path to get you all the way

Earn as you learn (hourly pay rate of £7.83 which increases with cross training

Free Lunch Break

Monday - Sunday between the hours of 7am – 8pm with two days off

Previous experience of working in a café and restaurant is a plus



Apply today!



We look forward to hearing from you.
